Expand the contribution docs on issue selection (#15966)
astral-sh/uv: CONTRIBUTING.md

[`help wanted`](https://github.com/astral-sh/uv/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22help+wanted%22).
These require varying levels of experience with Rust and uv. Often, we want to accomplish these
tasks but do not have the resources to do so ourselves.

You don't need our permission to start on an issue we have labeled as appropriate for community
contribution as described above. However, it's a good idea to indicate that you are going to work on
an issue to avoid concurrent attempts to solve the same problem.

Please check in with us before starting work on an issue that has not been labeled as appropriate
for community contribution. We're happy to receive contributions for other issues, but it's
important to make sure we have consensus on the solution to the problem first.

Outside of issues with the labels above, issues labeled as
[`bug`](https://github.com/astral-sh/uv/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22bug%22) are the
best candidates for contribution. In contrast, issues labeled with `needs-decision` or
`needs-design` are _not_ good candidates for contribution. Please do not open pull requests for
issues with these labels.

> Please do not open pull requests for new features without prior discussion. While we appreciate
> exploration of new features, we will almost always close these pull requests immediately. Adding a
> new feature to uv creates a long-term maintenance burden and requires strong consensus from the uv
> team before it is appropriate to begin work on an implementation.

Reviewer: I think for Ruff/ty I'd probably go for slightly softer language here (since even a new lint rule counts as a "feature" in Ruff, and we generally don't insta-close those) -- something like this?

```suggestion
Please do not open pull requests for large new features without prior discussion. While we appreciate
exploration of new features, we will often close these pull requests immediately. Adding a
large new feature to uv creates a long-term maintenance burden and requires strong consensus from the uv
team before it is appropriate to begin work on an implementation.
```

But I can also see that the concerns might be different in the different projects -- we might want slightly different language in the equivalent sections in different repos, and that seems fine

Author: Yeah I think I'd prefer to leave this as-is for uv but it makes sense to modify for ty and ruff.

Reviewer 2: I think we're strict enough about adding new lint rules that I highly recommend opening an issue before creating a PR. We should probably be more strict about closing PRs for Ruff.
